src/main/java/problems/DesignParkingSystem/README.md, before:

# 1603. Design Parking System
Design a parking system for a parking lot. The parking lot has three kinds of parking spaces: big, medium, and small, with a fixed number of slots for each size.

Implement the `ParkingSystem` class:

- `ParkingSystem(int big, int medium, int small)` Initializes object of the ``ParkingSystem`` class. The number of slots for each parking space are given as part of the constructor.
- `bool addCar(int carType)` Checks whether there is a parking space of `carType` for the car that wants to get into the parking lot. `carType` can be of three kinds: big, medium, or small, which are represented by `1`, `2`, and `3` respectively. A car can only park in a parking space of its `carType`. If there is no space available, return `false`, else park the car in that size space and return `true`.

## Example 1:

Input
`["ParkingSystem", "addCar", "addCar", "addCar", "addCar"]`
`[[1, 1, 0], [1], [2], [3], [1]]`
Output
`[null, true, true, false, false]`

Explanation
`ParkingSystem parkingSystem = new ParkingSystem(1, 1, 0);
parkingSystem.addCar(1); // return true because there is 1 available slot for a big car
parkingSystem.addCar(2); // return true because there is 1 available slot for a medium car
parkingSystem.addCar(3); // return false because there is no available slot for a small car
parkingSystem.addCar(1); // return false because there is no available slot for a big car. It is already occupied.`



**Constraints**:

`0 <= big, medium, small <= 1000`

`carType` is `1`, `2`, or `3`

At most `1000` calls will be made to `addCar`

Commit message:

chore(problems): add Richest Customer Wealth problem solution

src/main/java/problems/DesignParkingSystem/README.md, after:

# 1672. Richest Customer Wealth
You are given an `m x n` integer grid `accounts` where `accounts[i][j]` is the amount of money the `i` customer has in the `j` bank. Return the wealth that the richest customer has.

A customer's wealth is the amount of money they have in all their bank accounts. The richest customer is the customer that has the maximum wealth.

## Example 1:

Input: `accounts = [[1,2,3],[3,2,1]]`

Output: `6`
Explanation:
`1st customer has wealth = 1 + 2 + 3 = 6
2nd customer has wealth = 3 + 2 + 1 = 6`
Both customers are considered the richest with a wealth of 6 each, so return 6.

## Example 2:

Input: `accounts = [[1,5],[7,3],[3,5]]`
Output: `10`
Explanation:
`1st customer has wealth = 6
2nd customer has wealth = 10
3rd customer has wealth = 8`
The 2nd customer is the richest with a wealth of 10.

## Example 3:

Input: `accounts = [[2,8,7],[7,1,3],[1,9,5]]`
Output: `17`

**Constraints**:

- `m == accounts.length`
- `n == accounts[i].length`
- `1 <= m, n <= 50`
- `1 <= accounts[i][j] <= 100`
